hmm need an idea for a new novel well
they say that the best writings are
always influenced by real life so
oh right yes movie G what's it but
cheating min I'm writing enough that's
my job
what's it about you know I can't tell
you it's going to be published so maybe
someday like when you're 30 you'll read
it I don't buy your books then why do
you care there's no point in you reading
Lots you know I never tell you about my
novels therefore an older audience
you're not old enough no michi yes I am
go play with Tohru or something keep
busy - go play with Kyo I don't know he
pushes me in traffic Momiji go somewhere
else please I'm writing my novel I can
help there's no way you can help me
write this novel you don't have enough
worldly experience but I'm very creative
please boys you just go be creative
somewhere else okay this is gonna be
tough
Shigure a dinner's ready dinner boy I
can't believe that worked
mmm I mean I can't believe it worked
Oh
golly I even know those worked that way
ha
dinner's ready I heard that our
wonderful Toro had a cooked us a
delicious meal yeah it's like me ready
for a few more minutes
what it looks delicious Toro I guess
I'll be back got some work to do anyway
thank you I read Cakery clock was it
good yeah what what it had her name in
it yeah that's very flattering
hey boys it's time to go neuter the dog
excuse me Momiji I wonder if he's
writing a story about our time together
probably not
all right what what is it let me see
that out of all the practice that the
Masters been training before you're
using a knife good point I'd rather kill
you with my own hand all right all right
what is it was it you're writing a story
about me and Tohru I know what kind of
books you write now give me cell right
now don't be ridiculous you'll see
nothing wrong the manuscript you just
read it
this has nothing to do with us exactly
so are you gonna apologize for this
no Momiji
good thing I already changed all the
names Momiji you lied what it wasn't our
names in there yes it was
no it wasn't yes it was no it wasn't
Jessie why no it wasn't yes it was it's
not my fault you can't read that they
expect me to go back to oh great
guys guys wait up a second what seems to
be the problem he's calling me a lie
because he why that's not true he's a
liar okay so what are we lying about
well me and you told me that sugar is
writing a story with mine and tohru's
names but I read the story and our names
are not even in it lies so where is he
downstairs all right okay you're you're
the wire it a liar the lie you're the
liar right yes that's the hardware you
are you in line to read my novel also
actually I am because kyo and Momiji are
now having a fight over whether or not
Torian Kiyo's names are in fan fiction
now you see the differences in
originally I was writing this fanfiction
about Torian Qiao but I'll just go back
and change the names and get it
published I think you're calling it 50
fruits in a basket it's like the entire
side of my Amish family
come here house okay see I heard if you
put numbers in the title big hit this is
the finished
but you know I think I have something
more up your alley see this is a
fanfiction I wrote about you and you can
but uh you know it wasn't as good as the
kyo and toro one that we've had a real
chemistry but they contested in the
unedited version go on you can have it
take it for yourself
senpai